I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Mummy Pig at Work
Mummy Pig is
Working on her computer.
Daddy Pig is making soup for lunch.
Daddy? Can We go and Watch
Mummy on her computer?
Yes, as long as
you don't disturb her.
She has a lot of
important Work to do today.
Thank you, Daddy!
Mummy Pig has a lot of
important Work to do.
Mummy. Can George and I
sit on your lap and Watch you Work?
Yes, if you both sit quietly.
Peppa and George love to
Watch Mummy Work on the computer.
Mummy? Can We play
that computer game,
''Happy Mrs. Chicken''?
We can play
''Happy Mrs. Chicken'' later.
But now I have to Work.
Mummy? Can We help you Work?
No, Peppa! You mustn't
touch the computer.
And George, you mustn't
touch the computer, either.
Yes, George. You mustn't do this.
Peppa, stop!
Sorry, Mummy.
I Was just showing George
What not to do.
Oh, dear. The computer
is not meant to do that.
Daddy Pig!
Daddy Pig!!
What is it, Mummy Pig?
Daddy Pig, can you mend the computer?
Err...
I'll finish the lunch
While you mend the computer.
Err... Right. you are, Mummy Pig,
but I'm not very good
With these things...
Oh, thank you, Daddy Pig!
Daddy Pig is going
to mend the computer!
Hmm.
Hmmm.
Um. Maybe if I just switch if off...
And then switch it on again...
Daddy Pig has mended the computer!
Hurray, Daddy!
Yes, I am a bit of
an expert at these things.
Daddy? Can We play that computer
game, ''Happy Mrs. Chicken?''
Maybe you should ask Mummy Pig.
Mummy said that We could play it later.
Well, that's okay, then.
But I don't know Where the disc is.
Yippeeee!
Now, it's my turn!
What on earth is going on?
Well, I see that the computer
is Working again.
I'm Peppa Pig. This
is my little brother, George.